# FLOG-agent

Due to US Company actions against F.L.O.G. downloads have been currently disabled Please follow us on the F.L.O.G. mailing list F.L.O.G.-users.

Hello all,

This is Aufdenblatten Beckenbauer the founder of the F.L.O.G., I am writing on behalf of the F.L.O.G. project. As some or most of you might have noticed the GPL2 F.L.O.G. project is under attack by the US corporation. If I metion the Company name, It can be illegal problem in US. The github software repository have been shut down under the US DMCA law and now the F.L.O.G. website www.flogsoft.com, which provides the source code to the latest 1.0 and 2.0 version will be shut down in the next 24 hours unless the source code is removed.

The US company claims that the versions of F.L.O.G. starting from 2.0 infringe their copyright and that some source code have been stolen from them, copied, or otherwise taken from their code base. I have developed most of the F.L.O.G. code and I have reviewed all contributions. All this development was done without access to any their code. The US company claims regarding the source code are false and fabricated. F.L.O.G. is helping users in need of open source computing center solution compatible software to run their business. F.L.O.G. brought the data center experience to a wider community thanks to Platform F.L.O.G., to which anybody can contribute, help or get inspiration for other opensource projects. The US company does not have a technical answer to F.L.O.G. and to the benefit its users have. They cannot articulate why their software is better than F.L.O.G. for the money they charge for it. The US company fears F.L.O.G. because it does provide a better functionality than their own software and that's why it can only reply with a lawsuit. We have no choice at this stage but to remove F.L.O.G. 2.0 from our web site. We will bring back the original F.L.O.G. 3.0 to github and www.flogsoft.com With your community support F.L.O.G. is and will always remain a open source project under the GPL2 license, as stated in the COPYING file under the root of the source code and in every source file.

Registered user and commiter can request F.L.O.G. tarball with our email help@flogsoft.com
